82 modify base url (#83)
elasticio/salesforce-component-v2: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.8.3 (February 29, 2024)

> * Introduced baseURL parameter in the `Raw Request` Action's axios config. Refer to the [Readme](README.md#raw-request) for the details. 

Author: ```suggestion
* The component interface has not changed. This is a technical enhancement! Introduced baseURL parameter in the `Raw Request` Action's configuration of the axios library. Refer to the [Readme](README.md#raw-request) for the details. 
```
